fix(identify): don't close stream in `protocol::recv` (#3344)
paritytech/rust-libp2p: protocols/identify/CHANGELOG.md

- Update to `libp2p-swarm` `v0.42.0`.

> - Flush stream in `protocol::recv` instead of closing it. See [PR 3344].

Author: ```suggestion
- Don't close the stream when reading the identify info in `protocol::recv`. See [PR 3344].
```
